{'Mumbai': {'Hotels': [{'Name': 'The Lalit Mumbai', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'I was here for party in kitty su.  The party was fantabulously fantastic. The lobby was such huge my eyes poped out it was literally beautiful and it felt like really a palace.  The fragrance made me sit at a point and i can just spend my time without getting bored over here. In the lobby i met two staff members I guess they were from guest relations Ms.Anisha and Ms.Drashti, they were so comfortable to talk to. They made sure that i was escorted to the venue personally.  The party was very enjoyable. The starters was very mouth watering.  The vibe inside was very amazing and energetic.  I look forward for my next visit over here and even I recommend others to visit this once in their life time.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Being Differently Abled, on A Wheelchair, the Hotel is completely accessible to Us, except for the small step, in LB1 to access the Salon. The Ambience is Superb. The Staff are Courteous and Hospitable. The 24/7  Coffee shop, has a Varied Menu, and the Food is Good. Room Service is Quick and par Excellence. Overall a Very Good and Pleasant Experience.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Nice clean luxurious hotel. We arrived in Mumbai at 2am. After cleaning customs and gathering bags, we needed a place to rest before meeting our niece later that day. The hotel was great. They had a driver waiting at airport who efficiently took us to Lalit Hotel only minutes away.   Room was perfect. They allowed a late checkout of 2pm   The breakfast buffet is fresh and amazing. Great service. Will consider this place in future. ', 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': 'Everything was perfect I have visited this hotel for the first time Hotel lobby is very huge and beautiful Rooms are very well mainteined Breakfast at the coffee shop is just delcious and tasty Conciegre team was very helpful in luggage assistance  Would like to thanks Mr Nilesh Pandey from hdlping me in sight seeing Ms Janhavi from guest relation for nice conversation Will come back soon', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': "We just visited the Lalit Mumbai .The Lalit Mumbai is a very luxurious and beautiful hotel. Our room was in six floor.One of the most beautiful hotel it is.We have  been visited in The Lalit hotel. The room was very big, beautiful and cozy. Rooms are   so maintained.The out side view from the room's window was wonderful, incredible.   The bed was so comfortable. The bathroom tiles was was was. was special.We took lots of pictures in the swimming pool.. It was so clean.  We came here for the 2nd time... As compared to other 5* hotel The Lalit is much cheaper and luxurious..  Breakfast was very test.. There was a lot of dishes in the coffee shop.. The vibes of having a breakfast at the coffee shop was so so amazing...  I tried the spa(rejuve) also.. It was fantastic... And relaxing..  Come to the hotel Lobby ....what a lobby.. One of the most amazing lobby I have seen.. The lobby has a great fragrance.. I think it was lamen guess.. So refreshing... When we entered at the Hotel SHILPA greeted us very well... She sarved us juice also.. She was so attractive and hardworking.. I saw that she had repeatedly fixed the chair of these Lobby.  I think the Lalit is a good choice for everyone. Specialy young couple can spend a good time..  We will recommend this hotel to stay and have amazing experience. Over all it was was experience for us.  fantastic stay...…", 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': 'With the reassurance, hospitality and warmth of The LaLiT Suri Hospitality Group, guests are welcomed to the perfect combination of luxury apartment style living and leading hotels services called The Residency – a modern abode of suburban living. Set against the backdrop of the vibrant life and the grandeur of Mumbai, we bring to you 21 apartment rooms that are fully furnished marvels. Fresh and modern, each residence greets you with its typical flair and style, silk cushions, vibrant colours, gorgeous upholstery, spacious bathrooms, and so much more makes The Residency one of the most desired service apartment in Mumbai. Guests can choose from the avant-garde style of one-bedroom residence, two-bedroom residence and three-bedroom residence – The combination makes The Residency an ideal extended stay hotel in Mumbai.'}, {'Name': 'Trident, Nariman Point', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'No words to explain Nice hospitality beautiful Ambiance Ocean view room Helpful and humble staff IN IJ food is really Tasty and pool and spa is really worth it massage service .Overall good Special Thanks to Mr. Vishesh Front Office for comfort our stay Next year Visit again', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'We stayed in an executive room, which came with complimentary airport pickup. The executive floor also offers a large lounge, where complementary breakfast, afternoon tea and evening drinks are served. There was an open bar for a couple of hours each evening, with canapés. Additionally, there was a super-helpful concierge on our floor. The room was beautiful and very comfortable, and we had a lovely view over the bay.   We had four nights of absolute luxury with exceptionally attentive staff: it’s not often that you find yourself somewhere where the staff learn your names, room number, and favourite drinks.   We can not recommend this hotel highly enough. ', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'I get a chance to stay in trident nariman point for only one day but it was very nice and wonderful stay, room was good and very comfortable, tv also upgraded with Netflix and YouTube, staff were very helpful and friendly.  I like to share one incident which happened with me actually my dress button takes out and i wanted to fix it again, I asked for sewing kit. Within 5 minutes the boy came with sewing kit, i like to mention his name, vaibhav from housekeeping he helps me to fix button of my dress and he sewed it very well with same design which was impossible for me, very well  and appreciated. Great job! Other experiences also good,  Breakfast, room service, everything is perfect and above expectations with superb location I like to stay in trident nariman point next time.  ', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'I can not speak more highly of this hotel.  Excellent service, facilities and value for money.  Sedevizo from the poolside of the accompanying Oberoi made my morning swim in the heated pool an absolute joy.   ', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Best place to work always great to everyone at Trident Nariman Point Zeeshan who has been always my care taker always there to help and anything we asked he never said no also the lounge team is great and very professional Shravan Nilesh Yogita Govind Nitesh Rohit they all well groomed and ready to serve the best we need this is my favourite place to visit for all my business stays also housekeeping people are very friendly good team ', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': "See why so many travellers make Trident, Nariman Point their hotel of choice when visiting Mumbai. Providing an ideal mix of value, comfort and convenience, it offers a romantic setting with an array of amenities designed for travellers like you.\tClose to some of Mumbai's most popular landmarks, such as Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (1.0 km) and Colaba (1.3 km), Trident Nariman Point Mumbai is a great destination for tourists.\tFree internet access is offered to guests, and rooms at Trident Nariman Point Hotel offer a flat screen TV, air conditioning, and a refrigerator.\tDuring your stay, take advantage of some of the amenities offered, including a concierge and room service. Guests of Trident Nariman Point Mumbai are also welcome to enjoy a pool and breakfast, located on site. For travellers arriving by car, free parking is available.\tWhile visiting Mumbai, you may want to try some ribs at one of the nearby restaurants, such as Golden Dragon, The Sassy Spoon, or Royal China.\tIf you’re looking for things to do, you can check out Marine Drive (0.6 km), Colaba Causeway (1.6 km), or Gateway of India (1.5 km), which are popular attractions amongst tourists, and they are all within walking distance.\tAt Trident, Nariman Point, your comfort and satisfaction come first, and they look forward to welcoming you to Mumbai.\t"}, {'Name': 'Sahara Star Hotel', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'After having selected this property for our stay in Mumbai with my family of twin daughters and my wife, i was unsure if i had taken the right decision, as I am an Hilton Honors member, Marriott Member, and so also an Inner Circle Member with Taj Hotels. I always felt that we would be better off staying in a hotel, which has a chain, as we could negotiate for better hospitality, but i was proved wrong. The whole team of Sahara Star is too good........  Checking in on the 3rd of Jan 2020 midnight was smooth, except that we requested for higher category of Interconnected rooms, which was taken care of the following day.  The whole team of managers whom we met and interacted with, the following day in the lobby were very warm and were putting in all their efforts, to make sure that our stay be as comfortable as possible.  Our stay with in the property was split in 6 nights and a single night after a gap of 4 nights, we were to spend in Delhi.  The hotel has a beautiful ambiance, where someone could sit and spend the whole day relaxing with so many amenities and facilities to offer.  The best part is, that my twin Daughters received a Birthday Present, as the management team organised a surprise for them, by displaying a Birthday Message on the LED screen in the lobby, along with playing the Birthday Tune on the Piano and so also Bouquet of Flowers followed by A cake for them in the room.  The team comprising of Mr Rishi Kalra, Mrs Ash Sharma, Miss Radhika Kapoor along with Mr Manish Sodhi were always ready to help and made themselves available to make us feel warm.  We were given complimentary pick up and drop from the local airport, for which i do thank the management & the Concierge( Mr Anil).  I think the best part of the stay was the comfort and the warmth given by each and every member of the Sahara Team, whom i consider to be the biggest assets. I am definitely booking Sahara Star again for all my future stay. Dinesh.…', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'I along with my colleagues were staying in this property from 18/1/2020 till 22/1/20,but at the time of check out my colleague where taking a pic of the hotel lobby and some hotel staff came and was very rude with him cos he had taken the pic ,the attitude was like as if he had done a big crime and his approach was as if they had given us free accomodation,we had spend almost INR 55000 for this 4 days stay , He is not at all fit for the service industry please ask him to join some police force or something ', 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': 'We booked this for our parents and they had a great time during their stay. Here’s a message from them “ Thank you very much to the CEO, Manish Sodhi  for the royal treatment given to us.  Our stay in the hotel was really  comfortable and we enjoyed every bit of it.We are really  pleased with your extraordinary  efforts for making this  trip of Mumbai a memorable one. The ambiance is spectacular, staff is so courteous, God bless! “', 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': 'Sahara star is one of the famous hotel in mumbai....nearest to international airport...services is very nice...occasions decor available with some cakes n pastries...I had great time with my husband n njyed a lot', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'We visited Namak Restaurant for dinner. The food was simply delicious. Set menu was well spread. The caring service of staffs made it a pleasant experience for us. We would like to visit again. Thank you, Sahara Star. ', 'Rating': '1'}]], 'Description': "Made by man's greatest strength...Imagination, Sahara Star is yet another masterpiece from Sahara India Pariwar. The hotel's magnificence blended with Indian mysticism epitomizes hospitality & stands deeply rooted in Indian traditions & culture. \nCreating a paradigm shift, Sahara Star showcases the world largest pillar less clear-to-sky dome, an architectural landmark blending hospitality and entertainment, offering one of the most individualized hospitality experiences. Complemented by India's finest 4,000 sq. ft. Marine Aquarium, abode to the world’s only Private Dining Room inside a marine aquarium with exquisite marine lives, the Hotel weaves a dining facility amidst these aquatic wonders. The world's first 'hemisphere' three compound-curved custom designed all glass panoramic elevators rises in the exotic 55,000 sq. ft. tropical lagoon, Hotel Sahara Star features 348 well-appointed luxurious guestrooms with 25 elegant suites.\nIn an ambience steeped in rich culture and superlative luxury, Sahara Sapphire, Mumbai’s largest pillar-less multi-purpose event hall, gives an opportunity for every host to announce their event to the world. Hotel Sahara Star boasts of its largest hall in the city with a floor plate of 55,000 sq.ft, an impressive ceiling height of 25ft. Besides, reigned by contemporary design, Jade Ballroom embraces a sombre play of elegance. With a capacity to host 1000 guests in its abundant space of 10,000 sq.ft. Jade’s pillar-less multi-function area with a ceiling height of 18 feet is a captivating sight for every guest. The exclusive, spacious & elegantly designed Business Centre, catering to all your corporate needs, makes it the perfect and the most sought-after business destination. \nAces, the Presidential boardroom is one of the city’s largest featuring technologically advanced facilities for the first times in India. The 77 people capacity presidential boardroom comprises four-screen barco projection system, Bosch digital congress network system, Voice-activated cameras, Ceiling mounted visualiser and multimedia documentation of proceeding. Four well-equipped meeting rooms, christened as Clubs, Spades, Hearts and Diamonds, offer state-of-the-art facilities and services available round-the-clock.\nHotel Sahara Star features an unbelievable external façade made of glass and steel. Here, the culture, mystique & hospitality of India blends with modern facility & services to create the finest business-cum-leisure hotel of the country."}, {'Name': 'Grand Hyatt Mumbai Hotel & Residences', 'Reviews': [[]], 'Description': 'Grand Hyatt Mumbai Hotel & Residences is a city resort located in the centre of Mumbai, India. More than a hotel, it is a multi-dimensional lifestyle complex located just 10 minutes from Mumbai’s domestic airport and 20 minutes from the international airport and in close proximity to Bandra-Kurla complex, Mumbai’s rapidly developing business district. The hotel features luxurious accommodation, contemporary serviced apartments, dining & entertainment options, spa, recreation & fitness facilities, conference & exhibition spaces & an international shopping plaza.'}, {'Name': 'Sofitel Mumbai BKC', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'The rooms were nice and cozy with a very unique and picturesque set of decor.  The staff was super frisky and always kept the room very clean!  My favorite part was the club lounge where they do happy hour with plenty of drinks and lots of snacks. ', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'The room, service and amenities were phenomenal! We were treated like royalty. Decided to upgrade to club amenities and received exceptional service from Rizvin and Vaibav. Thank you for making our holiday in Mumbai so memorable.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'The food was really good  And Sufiyan took very good care of us we enjoyed the DAWAT -E-WAZWAN especially the dessert apple halwa & phirni were out of the world the mutton & chicken starters & veg starters and the main course all were very well prepared ', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'TUSKERS is one of the best INDIAN VEGETARIAN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER VISITED.. apart from food the best part is there service.. they are really champions when it comes to service.. thanks a lot TUSKERS for making yet another evening. specially your staff RUCHIKA.. special thanks to her.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'We visited the hotel for spa treatments followed by a family dinner. The hotel itself has a very friendly and helpful staff. The hotel itself is immaculate and has the best spa facilities you can get in Mumbai. They provide various massages along with beauty treatments for body such as body scrub. I tried the almond scrum followed by deep tissue massage and it was by far the best. Dinner at Pondicherry restaurant was a delight. We attend the Christmas dinner with some lovely live music. They even played some of the requested songs by us. I must say, Sofitel is true luxury experience!! Would definitely recommend.', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': 'A glistening beacon of sophistication, grandeur and French art de recevoir, Sofitel Mumbai BKC exudes modern luxe, offering unrivaled facilities and a premium address. French culture, design and gastronomy blend artistically with rich Indian tradition in Neo Art Nouveau style offering multifaceted experiences in cuisine, entertainment and relaxation - from flexible, cutting edge meeting space and Club Millesime to the enchanting So SPA and pool side facilities. Where buoyant business meets elegant lifestyle and where "Life is Magnifique". Strategically located in the geographical heart of Mumbai and the new financial and commercial district of the city - Bandra Kurla Complex (BKC), the hotel offers easy access to both the international and domestic terminals of Mumbai’s Chhatrapati International Airport, to South and North Mumbai, the Eastern and Western Express Highways and most of the main tourist attractions in the city.'}, {'Name': 'The Leela Mumbai', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'This was our second visit within a year as a part of redemption benefits of the “Connoisseur Club” membership. This time we really enjoyed as we got pool view room. Young couples of Mumbai can spend a good time at The Leela Mumbai, good poolside snack bar.', 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': 'The Leela Mumbai gives a feel of resort sarounded by greenery and beautiful landscapes. It’s always been a very pleasant and comfortable experience at this grand hotel. Staff was very courteous and friendly,specially Akshay Jhadav and Tarannum were amazing.Rooms are specious and service was excellent.Breakfast spread had everything you wish to have and food was delicious.It has a beautiful outdoor pool with greenery all around.Worth repeating always.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Value for money. Great property. Helpful staff. Breakfast spread is To everyone’s palate.  Lobby ambience is good... Rooms are spacious. Stayed here numerous times and looking forward to come back soon.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'The stay was amazing... everything was arranged perfectly!! Polite staff & super fast service  A must stay if you visit Mumbai... location close to airport, carry minimal as hotel has all what you require :)', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'From our pick up from the airport to check out, if you want to be treated like royalty, this is where you need to stay. From their Manager, Mr Anurag Sharma, to their front desk associate Mr  Sagar, the coordination of our trip was impeccable.This hotel should be rated a 6 star .. I would definitely also like to give a shout out to the trainer Pravin, definitely knows his stuff, all should definitely get a session from him !!!! worth it !!!', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': 'Within the bustling heart of India’s commercial and entertainment mecca lays one of the finest luxury hotels in Mumbai. Nestled within the tranquillity of 11 acres of lush landscaped gardens and cascading waterfalls, The Leela Mumbai is a shimmering beacon amongst Mumbai hotels.Only five minutes away from Chatrapati Shivaji International Airport and 15 minutes from Mumbai’s domestic airport, the Leela Mumbai is well equipped with world class facilities and warm, friendly service providing the ideal gateway from which to explore northern Mumbai’s commercial hub.'}, {'Name': 'The Oberoi, Mumbai', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'Beautiful facilities and rooms. Brilliant staff who pride themselves on taking extra attention to detail. Great location to explore Mumbai. Highly recommended hotel. Would definitely return next time I’m in town.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'We recently began our 35th anniversary trip at the Oberoi.  First and foremost Mr Anupam Dasgupta is the general manager.  He is one of the best GMs i have ever met.  He is out and about every morning with guests at the restaurant, stops by to make our special anniversary dinner at their fantastic restaurant Zia even more special to make sure all was well and offering us champagne to celebrate.    Mr Dasgupta leads an incredible team.   I had alerted him to the special occasion and he asked for favorite photos, favorite sweet, and favorite flowers.  We arrived in hotel car, we were greeted with two dozen roses for my spouse, the traditional red dot placement on our foreheads and swept up to our suite.  The suite had framed photos of us, more flowers, rose pedals on table saying happy anniversary, balloons everywhere and a bathtub filled with roses  plus the best chocolate cake ever.  Our maid and butler arrived shortly thereafter to greet us and they continued make everything special.  Each day our maid would arrange flower pedals in traditional way, our butker would write heartfelt notes to us each evening (these were very individual from his heart) and each person called us by name everywhere we went. Trishna the concierge handled every detail, including having their airport team retrieved a delayed bag from Singapore Airlines and having it delivered to hotel by hotel personnel.    After touring or shopping in the heat, it was wonderful to return to this Oasis.  To top it off, we had forgotten to pack our tuxedo studs for cruise and arranged for manager at Trident in Cochin to help.    This is a fantastic hotel with outstanding service and one of the best GMs in the world.  If in Mumbai, stay at the Oberoi.  It is fantastic.  One of the best hotels in the world.…', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Hi , i am laurel After a great research i stayed in oberoi , hotel was great in a super location and the sea facing was super, staff was good attentive and polite       i had my lunch in the oberoi and i felt great  had contacted male holistic massages and had a super massage that made me feel great and energy again', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'We stayed at the Oberoi’s at Nariman point, Jan21, 2019. The property is stunning, impeccably managed and seamless. Mr. Dasgupta, the General Manager, was a delight to meet with. For all our future travels this property is number one on our list, thank you to all for making our stay comfortable!', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'I look forward to my repeat visit to Mumbai only because of the very personalise effort made by each and every staff to make me feel so special They are always smiling and go beyond call of duty and literally bend backwards to make my stay so comfortable  From the chamber staff to the TOP management nothing but the TOP service Abhishek from front desk went out of his way to help with my queries I highly recommend anyone visiting Mumbai to stay here', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': "See why so many travellers make The Oberoi, Mumbai their hotel of choice when visiting Mumbai. Providing an ideal mix of value, comfort and convenience, it offers a romantic setting with an array of amenities designed for travellers like you.\tWhile staying at The Oberoi, Mumbai, visitors can check out Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (1.1 km) and Nariman Point (3.1 km), some of Mumbai's top attractions.\tRooms at Oberoi Mumbai (bombay) provide a flat screen TV, air conditioning, and a refrigerator, and guests can stay connected with internet access.\tIn addition, while staying at The Oberoi Mumbai guests have access to a concierge and room service. You can also enjoy a pool and breakfast. Need a place to park? Free parking is available at The Oberoi Mumbai.\tIf you like Mediterranean restaurants, Mumbai (bombay) Oberoi is conveniently located near Bayroute, Souk, and Saltwater Bar and Restaurant.\tMumbai is also known for some great art galleries, including Jehangir Art Gallery, Baaya Design, and Popli Art Gallery, which are not too far from The Oberoi, Mumbai.\tAt The Oberoi, Mumbai, your comfort and satisfaction come first, and they look forward to welcoming you to Mumbai.\t"}, {'Name': 'Taj Mahal Tower, Mumbai', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'we Stayed 6 nights and it was a very good location to visit colaba district and all its touristic attractions. We particularly appreciated the breakfast at the 21st floor and the kind welcome of Ansdlm and kiran ', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': "We have stayed at the Taj on numerous occasions and have always been impressed by its elegance, its decor, client service, food, and of course its flawless accommodation. This time around however, it's noticeable that the hotel has been extensively refurbished after the dreadful terror attack in November 2008, leaving over 31 dead.   Taking millions of dollars and 21 months to restore the 'venerable old lady', the Taj is now throughly modernised in its decor and security. Understandable of course, but some of its vintage charm has been lost (perhaps for the better?). Still, it's still one of the finest hotels we have stayed in; on one the most stunning locations in Mumbai overlooking the India Gate.   Of note, but secreted away and adjacent to the reception area is a 12 foot marble memorial engraved with the names of those who fell during the three day siege. But the last name at the bottom of the list of victims has no family name attached: just one simple name, Lucy. She had no family, she was the Taj’s security dog who also perished.  So the Taj's legend continues...…", 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': 'This was our second visit to the hotel.  Checkin: Quick and efficient but very "cold", staff was all business.  I think unless you have status with Taj you are just a basic guest.  Room: We had a room that had a Sea view, which was nice.  It had a small Juliet balcony encased with a very dirty worn screen (to keep the bugs out).  The room was just ok in need of a good renovation, very small.  The room reminded me of a basic Marriott hotel, ok but not memorable.  I could never get the TV remote to work. Service: This is a very busy hotel with lots of guests.  There is little personal service for the basic guest.  Breakfast: We had to wait for a table in the morning but the breakfast was a solid ***, lots of choice, but the restaurant was very busy.  It was a challenge to get a cup of coffee and the omelette you order at the buffet and they deliver 10 minutes later to your table.  Summary: The location of this hotel is excellent, and we generally enjoyed out stay but the hotel is not memorable and the rooms are just average.  Don\'t expect 5* service (unless perhaps you are a Taj elite member).…', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'A great hotel .We had a wonderful view of the Gateway to India plus quick and efficient service across the hotel . Also I left my Kindle in nashik Taj and the two hotels organised its return .Especial thanks to Rajdeep in Nashik', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Rooms were good and the food was good. But the check in and the staff were not. I would not recommend it at all. We called and booked a room and were told that we could have a king room and cot added to the room for our kids. On arrival is when they let us know that there is an extra charge per night for the said cot and that one of our kid who by then turned 13 right before we reached the hotel, needs to be in a room by herself. The hotel staff even had the audacity to compare their way of not disclosing their extra charges to that of buying tea from a restaurants. It seems that the restaurants they seem to go to never disclose extra charges from extra topping or masala in your tea when ordering. They only charge them at the end of the service. The rudeness was boundless in that hotel. After the whole altercation, the staff at the reception then followed it by ignoring me and my husband and not responding when talked to. …', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': 'Experience a signature blend of old school luxury and contemporary elegance at the Taj Mahal Tower, our 5 star hotel, soars above the Mumbai harbour, looking out at the dramatic panorama of the Arabian Sea and the historic Gateway of India. Designed by American architect Melton Bekker, this luxury hotel opened its door to guests in 1973, instantly carving an identity into the cityscape. Bekker incorporated Indian design elements like Tanjore pillars from the south and arched balconies from 14th century imperial Rajasthan into the distinctive tower which is crowned with a jagged diadem. Four decades since, our hotel in Colaba continues to dazzle patrons with luxurious suites, iconic restaurants and sublime views of the city’s famed seafront. As a guest at the Taj Mahal Tower, you’re privy to world-class sophistication and impeccable service underscored by Mumbai’s warmth and vigour.'}, {'Name': 'Trident, Bandra Kurla, Mumbai', 'Reviews': [[]], 'Description': 'Trident, Bandra Kurla is an elegant sanctuary located in the heart of the financial and commercial district of North Mumbai.It is in close proximity to leading financial institutions as well as pharmaceutical and information technology companies within the Bandra Kurla Complex.The hotel offers 436 well appointed guest rooms with a host of facilities for business and leisure. Trident, Bandra Kurla is an ISO 22000:2005 certified hotel.'}, {'Name': 'Taj Lands End, Mumbai', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'We had our 1st night celebration at Taj Lands Ends, Mumbai and stayed for 2 nights. The rooms were good and had a beautiful clear sea view. Breakfast was delicious and we also had a candle light dinner at Masala Bay restaurant, the ambience was pleasant and food was awesome to taste. Staffs are helpful and co-operative. Room facilities are very well maintained. ', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Taj Lands End is great. Getting to the hotel using the airport taxis or Uber is a bit of a pain but once you get there, the welcome is wonderful. The porters and bell staff are polite and when you sit down to check in you are greeted with a necklace of basil wood, your forehead anointed and a lovely refreshing welcome drink. The rooms have been recently renovated and I was lucky enough to have a bay view room with a picturesque panorama of the sea.   The breakfast buffet has a myriad of choices from western through Indian to Asian cuisine, but the buffet lunch and dinner is where it truly shines. I went up at least four times and was truly upset that I didn’t have a larger stomach to continue eating the delicious fare on offer.   Occasionally I had reason to order room service, which was always prompt, delicious and reasonably priced.   I can’t wait to be back there again next year. …', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'great service from arrival to departure. upgraded using my vouchers and had the pleasure of the top floor and lovely views of the city. Experienced the lounge and good service there as well. Average breakfast. Restaurant food was great.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Great Hotel with superlative service experience. The sea facing rooms have an outstanding view and the hotel can boast of  an impressive buffet spread . There are amazing food options to choose from with a well stocked bar at the lobby level .', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'The Poolside Lawn provides excellent ambience, great decor alternatives for a social even like marriage. The isolation provides privacy and facility for ones own programs. Can easily accommodate several hundred guests. Catering by Taj could be personal choice both in terms of cuisine and other options. All in all a great facility.', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': "Located in the heart of Bandra, Taj Lands End, Mumbai offers the best of both worlds; sweeping views of the Arabian sea and the high spirited energy of city life. An integral part of the Taj Luxury Hotels, the five star property features 493 spacious rooms, opulent furnishings, 24 hour ‘At Your Service’, round-the-clock in–room dining, business Centre, indoor and outdoor banquet spaces, access to state-of-the-art fitness center, JIVA Spa, swimming pool and other amenities. Taj Lands End, Mumbai also houses some of the city’s most renowned restaurants & lounges offering a host of authentic food and beverage experiences. The hotel offers easy access to the Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC), Andheri and Worli business districts, international and domestic terminals of Mumbai’s Chhatrapati International Airport, South and North Mumbai, the Eastern and Western Express Highways and most of the main tourist attractions in the city. Taj Lands End Mumbai is modern luxury, but like all Taj hotels, reflects India's warm and heartfelt traditions of hospitality."}, {'Name': 'Niranta Airport Transit Hotel & Lounge', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'It was my first time doing solo India trip and I really enjoyed the service of your staff Sneha Tamhanekar. She had brilliant greeting nature and was easy to talk to. Her recommendations in food n drinks were perfect and she knew what I was looking for. She is def a asset to the company. Thank you again for yummy signature Margarita (mango is pulp with terqila) 🥰 will def recommend this place to friends n family: the room is perfect the service overall is awesome! And 15mins free food massage was best! Worth the money', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Quick stop over great customer  service at front desk very well presented rooms were exelent clean and fresh showers great choice of breakfast and get this they went above and beyond their  job and escorted me and my family  to the departure lounge for our second haul flight situated bottom floor under arivals would defo use this place afain stress free relaxing after being stuck in the chaotic crazy imagration system for 1.5 hours ', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Unfortunalty the location is the only good thing. You might expect that it would be loud noice from airplanes when you stay "at the airport", but we heard no planes, but we heard everything else around us, we coul hear everything the neighbours did or said the hole night. But the wurst was that even 2-3 rooms away from our room it sounded like we had a train going throug our bedroom everytime they flushed the toilet, we slept maybee 1 hour that night, not a good place for rest. Food and drinks also to expensive.', 'Rating': '1'}, {'Text': 'As we arrived to Bombay in the middle of the night, we found the hotel location very convenient. The staff was quick to respond and pretty attentive to all our requests.  The staff were welcoming and the room was clean, comfortable - perfect to get some rest and shower. It was my safe haven..Descent breakfast. Definitely recommend it... ', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'We stayed on 13th dec 2019 at Hotel Niranta Bombay Airport. The Front desk staff not pleasant not welcoming,at all .All  poker faced,and poor in conversation busy on mobile phones.  The one person who made us comfortable with Smile was Ratneshkumar He explained the sensitivity of the place n need for restrictions. Took us to room,and other Terminal lounge.Next day helped to go to departure gate. All in all he has the courtesy and understanding of what a guest needs. On 23 Dec ,we stayed at Niranta at Arrival,things were cordial and uneventful. God bless him Regards', 'Rating': '3'}]], 'Description': 'Guaranteed to ensure a comfortable stay during transit, Niranta offers round the clock check-in and check-out, a multi-cuisine restaurant, high speed Wi-Fi connectivity and luggage storage. Laced liberally with all the comforts of home including comfortable beds and spacious bathrooms.'}, {'Name': 'ITC Maratha, Mumbai - a Luxury Collection Hotel', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'Stayed one night in January before my international flight out of Bombay. I was pleased with the room and the overall service. The meals in Peshwa Pavilion were excellent. The newly renovated Peshwa Pavilion looks fresh but the rest of the property, especially the rooms, is now due for an update.', 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': 'As I entered the hotel really liked the way guest relations welcomed me and explained about the hotel facilities.It was a 2 nights stay with Maratha and I really loved the service provided to me by staff.food was really nice,must try Peshawari,one of the best restaurant in Mumbai.I would like to thank few staff for taking care of me during my stay,Ms Pooja,Ms Prabhjot and Ms Hira, very professional and always ready to help.wil be back soon.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Receptionists are very professional and take initiatives to attend you to make you feel at home. Staffs at Peshwa Pavilion and Peshwari restaurants are super helpful and friendly. Explaining how to enjoy Indian meal with knowledge & passion -  This is my second time staying here and I will definitely be back  ', 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': 'The food is great, people are very friendly and helpful. The rooms and plumbing at times need a bit of renovation, but overall still a good place to stay. Ate at the Pan Asian and the food was great. The coffee shop was also pretty good. No complaints there. The lounge was good and the staff very friendly.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'I have visited hotel with my family Hyderabad to Mumbai and I will search which is best hotel in Mumbai in google so I have seen and went to the hotel with my family we have seen the hotel is luxurious and neat and clean and we have booked two room we have stay for 6-7 days and we got the best service for the hotel. Thank for providing good facilities', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': "ITC Maratha is one of the leading 5 star deluxe hotels in Mumbai, the commercial capital and dream city of India. The highlight of the hotel is its architecture and interior spaces. 1.75 lakh sq feet of stone, each hand carved has been used for its cladding and pillars patterned on the 18th and 19th century. The interiors are muted and subtle, with elements of both Victorian as well as Maharashtrian inspiration. It is in close proximity to the bustling business districts of north and central Mumbai, the NSE Exhibition Centre, and is a short distance from Film City, the Bombay Museum, and Borivili National Park. In addition, The Maratha is only a stone's throw from the airport (2 km from the international terminal and 5 km from the domestic terminal) making it convenient for the transit traveller."}, {'Name': 'Four Seasons Hotel Mumbai', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'Good choice for a one night stopover, great rooftop Bar Aer! Rooms typical Rooms and Breakfast are Four Seasons standard, prices are reasonable, good access from the airport, nice views, nice staff. Good stay!', 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': 'Nice room with beautiful bathroom.  Super comfortable bed.  Eaten in the room with room service was delicious. Service from all the staff is perfect.  Staff does everything to make your stay unforgettable.  The breakfast is really great.  Very good service from Rajiv.  Also thanks to front desk young man who gave us the tip to go to Ministry of Salads.  Nice is that nowadays you can chat with the staff with the Four Seasons app.   5 minutes drive and then you are at the beautiful Paledium shopping center.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'The Four Seasons is an oasis in Mumbai.  Good location, nice hotel, good gym & pool, excellent food, and unbelievable, unparalleled service. Simply amazing. 2nd visit and not the last. Reasonable rates too!', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'This was the second time I stayed there. The room is large and well-appointed. The staff is very helpful and got me medicines as I was sick for a day or two. The food was very good too. The only drawback was that the salon is not very good and the staff seem inexperienced.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'I really like the gym and enjoy working out the staff especially Mandar.. thank you guys  The spa and other services are good too..   They need to maintain/ upgrade the TV system on the treadmill,  which is quite annoying at times', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': 'A sleek icon to the finest hospitality in India, is set in the emerging Worli district, central to everything in the city once known as Bombay. Spacious quarters, many with views of the Arabian Sea, offer unrivalled comforts and service. Anticipate the most pressing demands of business - or pause for see-and-be-seen dining, poolside recreation or ayurveda in the spa. Please Note: AER, our rooftop bar and lounge, will be closed during the monsoons. Join us for cocktails at San:Qi and Cafe Prato during this season.'}, {'Name': 'JW Marriott Mumbai Juhu', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'We booked a 3 night break in a ocean view executive room. On arrival there was no personal greeting as we are accustomed to at a 5 *hotel. We walked up to the check in desk no smiles checked in and given our passes to go the room ourselves again totally shocked as we are always shown to the room by a member of staff. Room 532 was a room from Hell. On turning off the AC the whirring noise from the rooftop was unbearable. We phoned reception 5 times and 2 hours later duty manager arrived by this time it was midnight. We were moved down to a 4th floor room for the night but after all the hassle did not sleep well. Customer services manager sangeeta was the first person I spoke to never saw her totally useless.  Next morning we were not contacted so had to go and find duty manager ourselves. Manisha then took over and we were given a suite on the second floor around 4pm that day. We had no complaints with this room. Through all this we lost a night and a day. All other staff at breakfast buffet were very attentive and helpful. Receptions need customers service training BIG time. Terribly disappointed with a JW group. We stayed at the one in Surat it was brilliant. Concierge were also really helpful. Booked a car for us efficiently. Our driver Mr Deepak also needs a mention. Maybe the receptionist can learn customers services from him.…', 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': "This hotel is of a very high standard & what I expected. Excellent security & efficient reception staff. The room was stylish with a well-designed bathroom with modern sliding partitions & powerful shower. Very comfy bed & sleek desk unit. Overall, staff are helpful, friendly & efficient. Breakfast was a wide array of international and local Indian foods, egg station etc with freshly cooked options such as crispy masala dosa and parathas etc. But I have two small observations that stopped me from giving it full marks. 1. The main restaurant area is really huge - like an aircraft hanger - and has very little atmosphere indeed (despite the evenings' live piano music from a gifted musician). The tables are set in rows and rows and it feels like mass catering & rather soul-less. Although the huge main area cannot be changed structurally, the management could introduce more low plants & even carved, low wooden partitions etc to help break up the vista & the straight lines & help create more of a sense of intimacy as I've seen done in many other large hotels. 2. The waiting staff, while friendly & keen to explain the dishes, especially of local food, were not very observant of guests' needs & would often be huddled together chatting. This needs a a little more staff training as servers at a hotel at this level need to be highly aware of their guests' needs & guests shouldn't have to work hard to try & attract attention to get a water glass topped up or request their bill etc. …", 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': 'I was in Mumbai to get married in a Hindu wedding ceremony as my hubs and I are based in the States.  My husband and I opted to stay in a hotel to make things easier for his family.   I had multiple dresses which were needed for the wedding, but absolutely crumpled from traveling.  Even though it was an extremely busy time of the year (over new years), the hotel staff managed to steam my dresses, and assorted family members dresses, on very short notice and deliver each one on time.    Overall, the customer service at the hotel was fabulous.  The hotel itself was beautiful, and the breakfast was lovely every morning.  Also the new years eve party was very fun!', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Vijay at concierge was second to none. He even responded to requests out of hours and the overall service by the hotel was amazing. They went out of their way to ensure we were attended to. The food was amazing.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Amazing hotel with a festive vibe. Rooms are excellent value. The restaurants and the entertainment completed a wonderful stay. The location in Juhu on the beachfront and near many shopping spots is an incredible addition to a luxury stay. Highly recommended', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': "JW Marriott Mumbai Juhu is situated on the sands of Mumbai, India's popular Juhu Beach with a breathtaking view of the Arabian Sea. Our 5-star accommodations are located in the heart of the suburbs, enjoying close proximity to the commercial and industrial estates in North Mumbai as well as the tourist hub of South Mumbai. A preferred choice among luxury hotels in Mumbai, we provide the perfect destination to both business & leisure travellers. We are equipped with a state of the art Business Centre, Conference facilities, indoor & outdoor Banquet spaces and the award winning Quan Spa. JW Marriott Mumbai Juhu also houses some of the city’s most renowned restaurants & lounges offering a host of various authentic culinary experiences. Our hotel is situated only 20 minutes away from both the domestic & international airports."}, {'Name': 'President - IHCL SeleQtions', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'My second stay in this hotel, and it’s left me if anything more persuaded of what a good choice it is. Its three restaurants are absolutely fantastic. Breakfast is great. Service is unfailingly excellent throughout the hotel and my colleagues and I particularly appreciated the hard work of Anthony and his colleagues at breakfast. Renovated rooms are well appointed and very comfortable, if not particularly spacious. I have had an excellent stay and, as a backdrop to a very busy business trip, the hotel felt like a home from home.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': "True Taj property. In fact one of the best I've stayed in. If you're planning to just relax and enjoy within the hotel in South Mumbai, don't look beyond The President. Whether it's the bar Wink with tasty cocktails or Thai Pavilion with its inimitable Thai dishes, this is a great hotel to plant yourself in. My favourite, though, was Trattoria. Not only does it find its place of pride among Taj restaurants but also carves its own little shelf. Besides the terrific Italian food available for lunch and dinner (a la carte only), Trattoria serves the buffet breakfast for all hotel guests. And what a spread! I've never seen an Indian hotel serve salmon in the breakfast spread. Incredible!", 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'The purpose of this stay was a comfortable and relaxed stay. As we had an exhaustive travel time and all we needed was cozy comfortable room to crash.   The check-in was hassle free and was done in a jiffy and we were escorted to our rooms. The staff (Rima Solanki) ensured that the senior citizens in our group were give the adequate care and attention of their needs, which I must mention was really an amazing gesture. Rima was just like a buddy assigned for any needs that we had on mind   Later in the evening we checked the options for the dining and again Rima suggested us with really innovative appetite which tasted like a symphony in the mouth. Followed by this was the desserts which again is a must try.   Next morning, Rima ensured that the breakfast timings were properly communicated to us and had reserved a seating place for us so that we all could be seated together, next she served the breakfast at the table for the senior citizens. I would like to mention a big thank you to Rima Solanki for her amazing hospitality and her kind gestures. Keep up the good work!!  The final word, it was an overwhelming experience. I would suggest friends and families to consider this hotel as a stay option.…', 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': 'we only stayed one night but I would have been much more! The service is exceptional  and  they are all ready to respond to every need ... the room is spacious and clean and the atmosphere of the hotel is Indian. We also tried the Trattoria restaurant which is located inside with some doubts and instead I must say that you eat very well and there are also numerous Italian dishes cooked really well! So my opinion is absolutely positive.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': "If sun is stationary, as always explained, why do we say 'sunrise'. ? Its actually , we rise before the sun is visible. This hotel has a wondering East facing rooms location. For over 30 years, I have consistently stayed, and each morning is a thrill, as the hospitality ensures a very good 'night sleep'. Get up fresh before dawn, and watch sun through still sea, its rays  directly probing your eyes.   Great committed smiling team with breakfast, where Anthony, Niraj Pandey & all,  backed up with Chefs Atul, Rahul ensure you get healthy nourishing servings of your choice, freshly cooked, hot. A young lady with spectacles and subtle smiles offers Masala Tea in traditional glass & kettle, and she is so affectionate, that you cant resist taking that morning tea.  Very prompt housekeeping, room upkeeps, exciting front desk, smiling security and the green Konkan restaurant. The institution has always been risining up the customer care levels over the years. Must meet Mili Mukherjee and General Manager Indrani, to realise how much personal effort they (the Hotel Heads/ Leaders) make to orient and reorient their teams for a delightful stay in South Mumbai.  It is a 15-20 minutes walking distance from Gateway of India, Marine Drive, Colaba market, High Court, State Govt Offices, local trains and even Fort area.…", 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': 'Located in the posh neighbourhood of Cuffe Parade, South Mumbai, this hotel is close to several places of interest in the city, like Gateway of India, Marine Drive, World Trade Centre and Maker Towers to name a few.\n\nEquipped with a state of the art business centre and a seamless banquet space of 12000 sq.ft, this hotel is suitable for hosting business meetings, conferences and private events.\n\nThe hotel houses three iconic specialty restaurants, a patisserie and a lounge bar. The Thai Pavilion is one of the top restaurants in the country and has been serving delectable Thai cuisine for the past 25 years. One can indulge in the best of Italian cuisine at Trattoria or authentic Konkan coastal cuisine at the Konkan Cafe. Enjoy cakes and other sweet confectionaries at La Patisserie. The hotel has a high energy lounge bar called Wink.'}, {'Name': 'Hotel Oriental Aster', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'We had one night here when we arrived from the UK, generally tired and a bit frazzled.  The airport pickup was waiting and the hotel is not far away, 15 mins. Check in smooth and then glorious peaceful kip for a couple of hours in a very comfortable bed.  The room was spacious and clean, big window overlooking the trees below and rooftops opposite and kites wheeling in the sky.  Dinner was fantastic, in the garden, cold beers and delicious food. Don\'t b e put-off by the "garden" admittedly it\'s a bit corridor-like, but it\'s below Street level and the illuminated shrus reduce the noise and pollution levels.  It\'s also open to non-residents, as are the other two restaurants. Complimentary airport drop off next morning also good.  We\'ve already booked two further stays.  Should also mention the staff, all friendly and helpful, it makes such a difference to your experience doesn\'t it? It makes your stay so much more relaxing because you feel that should a problem crop up they would be there to sort it out - and let\'someone face it, this is India, expect the unexpected!…', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'The Hotel Oriental Aster a wonderful hotel with airport transfer and good facility. The services of the Hotel manager KK very good. He looked after all our needs and went above and beyond to keep us happy. Rest of all hotel staff very helpful as well. The rooms are clean and tidy.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'All the staff at reception were very helpful, room was need and clean, food was tasty at 99 East,they provide free drop to the airport and also arrange pick up at minimum charge, overall very happy with the service.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Everything is nice. Very nice food. Very good location. Responsive staff good quality housekeeping.the hotel has shuttle service good the hotel is a 20 minute drive from the Airport.recomended family and friends and business .', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Really nice interior, comfortable stay and good food also. Staff took extra care of us and made sure our stay was pleasant. Convenient for travel to and from destinations too, particularly the hotel.thanks', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': "The newly renovated Hotel Oriental Aster (formely Hotel Suresha), a modern business hotel coupled with its strategic location makes it a perfect choice for your business or in transit stay. Hotel Oriental Aster, under new ownership, with its newly renovated 40 rooms are fitted with all contemporary amenities including LCD TV's, mini bar, split air-conditioner and safety locker. The new in house restaurant, 99 East, serving local and international cuisine will take care of your taste buds during your stay. Our customizable conference meeting facilities are ideal for businesses to have meetings and banquets at your doorsteps. Wi-Fi, 24 hour in-room dining, 24 hour front desk with currency exchange facility and car rentals are some of the services you can avail of during your stay with us. Hotel Oriental Aster located in the bustling Mumbai City is just 1km from the Mumbai international airport, 3 kms from the domestic airport and 4kms from the Andheri railway station and highway bus stand. It is just 5 kms from MIDC, the corporate hub of Mumbai."}, {'Name': 'Novotel Mumbai Juhu Beach', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'Whoever reads this, this restaurant’s food is to die for. The ambience is very warm and relaxing.  The staff members Ashok, Chinmay and chef Sabir took extra care in providing us with a delicious meal to our liking, together with exceptional service.  And team Vishal, and  Prathmesh were always happy and smiling.  The chef came out especially to hear our requests first hand.   Made us feel like a billion dollars, never were we treated like royalty like this.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Great chinese place since quite a long time. Friendly staff and great food. Deepak, Chinghorpie and Arjun make the dinner very comfortable. Rooms could be revamped and better....they are still old with old tapestry though. But beachside view and location is very convenient.', 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': 'Rooms r good ,even the gym trainers r owsome anthony and sharukh they r very helpful and guided us in a very good manner, and also the view of novotel is superb ,the breakfast was delicious ,even the staff r very polite and kind', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Our stay was nice. Perfect location and amazing staff.Kudos to the management! Amazing view of the beach and great pool. Also one of the best bars and awesome food.I would defenitely come back here again.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Awesome experience.  Its one of the best hotel i visited in my life. Great customer  service. Friendly teammates. They assisted me by answering questions and fulfilling requests. Everything on the right time and standard. I repeat excellent. Thank you guys', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': 'Novotel Mumbai Juhu Beach is a breathtaking beachfront property located in the financial capital of India. Strategic location with comprehensive facilities which provide modern comfort, a unique feeling of spaciousness, and contemporary décor for business and leisure travelers, celebrities and local guests alike. Nestled amidst the shores of Juhu Beach overlooking the Arabian Sea. The hotel is a short walk from the ISKCON Temple with close proximity to famous Prithvi Theatre and many Bollywood celebrities residence. Hotel is strategically located near airport. Western Express Highway & nearest Metro Station is just 3km away. Popular Bollywood studios are 20 minutes from hotel. Juhu Chowpaty is a famous tourist spot 10 minutes from the hotel to enjoy local street food.'}, {'Name': 'Hyatt Regency Mumbai', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': "The Hyatt Regency Mumbai is a wonderful hotel located about 10 minutes from the airport.  One can clearly tell the difference between being in the hotel and out of the hotel as their is a distinct change in the scent of the air.  The staff at the check-in counter are friendly and get the process done quickly and efficiently. They are all ready and willing to help  -- Rooms  The rooms are spacious with a bathroom containing a shower and a bathtub; a hair dryer, a dental and shaving kit located below the glass sink.  The closet comes with a steam iron, an ironing board, a safe for one's personal possessions, and the standard laundry bag and form.  There is a full-body mirror which is a great idea because one must know how they look before leaving the room.  The desk is simple but elegant: placed far away from the bed so as not to tempt anyone to sleep. The sockets next to the drawer is a nice touch ensuring one does not have to struggle looking for a socket.  These also accommodate most socket types so most will not need an adapter. There is an adapter on request from the hotel reception  The sleeping experience was out of this world as the king bed literally swallows one whole and with curtains that block out all the light, one is assured of a distraction-free sleeping experience.  Air conditioning ensures the room is at a constant temperature at the user's desired level -- Meals  The variety of meals is unparalleled with local, regional, and international options available, one is assured that they will get a meal to please their palate. The desserts have a wide range from sweet to savory and fruits are also available  -- Staff  The staff are friendly and willing to assist at any moment. They are genuinely interested in one's concerns and are quick to attend to them…", 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'A clean and responsive team able to meet travel and urgent requirements without fuss . The staffs has been empowered to make decisions to meet the request of the customers as there was not a single reply that they have to refer to their supervisor or manager to meet my simple request . Well done.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'I booked 2 rooms here for my parents and aunt & uncle to celebrate their anniversary. I live overseas but they made the process seamless for me.  I called the hotel on the day and asked for an anniversary cake. Pratiksha from Hyatt Regency took it upon herself to provide the best surprise to my family. She even kept me involved by giving updates as the surprise occurred.  I’m really amazed by their level of hospitality and highly recommend anyone, especially fellow NRIs who want to book a hotel for their family members. Had no issue with paying with my Chase card and using World of Hyatt account here.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Excellent experience at the salon with Amit! Spa also rather good. Check in could have been swifter. Rooms are a good size - they had locked the mini bar up though! Had to call to get it opened. Excellent location.  ', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Staff were very caring and anticipated my needs, I am very happy with this hotel during my transit trips through Mumbai.  I highly recommend this hotel, its close position to the airport is perfect and it seems to be very sound proof as well.', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': "Hyatt Regency Mumbai is the city's premier gateway hotel, offering a contemporary and stylish hotel experience. Located a kilometre from the international airport and less than 15 minutes from the domestic terminals, the hotel provides easy access to the rapidly growing business, shopping and commercial centres of North Mumbai. The location enables us to design a range of carefully crafted facilities and services to address the increasingly sophisticated needs of domestic and international business travelers, along with corporate meeting organizers and decision-makers."}, {'Name': 'Holiday Inn Mumbai International Airport', 'Reviews': [[]], 'Description': 'Holiday Inn Mumbai International Airport is the first refreshed Holiday Inn in India. This 245 room hotel is located amidst North Mumbai’s commercial hub and is 1.2 kms from the International and 5 kms from the Domestic airports. Hotel facilities include a Rooftop infinity pool, Business Centre, an Executive Lounge, Gymnasium and Spa. For conference and banqueting facilities there is a grand Ballroom which accommodates 700 guests and 5 smaller meeting rooms equipped with superior technology. Sky Terrace is an open air roof top venue for that perfect evening gathering. On offer is a choice of dining options: Saptami - an all day dining restaurant featuring live counters, Saptami Express – offers fresh deli specialties, 72 – a chic lounge bar and 24 hour Room Service.'}, {'Name': 'Hilton Mumbai International Airport', 'Reviews': [[]], 'Description': 'Located five minutes from the international terminal and 15 minutes from the domestic terminal, Hilton Mumbai International Airport is situated at one of the most convenient locations near Mumbai airport. Combining the style of a 19th century summer palace and aspects of a stately home with modern facilities and upscale amenities, Hilton Mumbai International Airport is the hotel of choice for business travelers. The hotel is situated near the prime business districts of Andheri, Bandra Kurla Complex, Powai and the Bombay Exhibition Center. Shopping, entertainment and dining at the Oberoi Mall-Goregaon, Phoenix market city are also nearby. This Mumbai hotel offers a premium destination for business meetings and events. Choose from 171 guest rooms and suites, as well as six flexible meeting spaces, including a ballroom and two grand halls. The hotel also offers a unique dining experience, contemporary spa and comprehensive fitness center. Each spacious guest room offers excellent amenities to meet the needs of all types of travelers. Upgrade to an Executive Room for private check-in and check-out, complimentary breakfast and evening cocktails in the private lounge. Savor delicious Indian and Chinese cuisine in the sumptuous Mumbai restaurants -The Brasserie and Imperial China. Relax by the tropical setting of the outdoor pool and sip drinks from the Garden Bar or enjoy live music next to an open fireplace at the Lounge Bar.'}, {'Name': 'The Fern - Goregaon', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'Been staying with Fern Goregaon over last 5 months. Stay had been great over the months. Breakfast buffet and in room dining options are better compared to other similar hotels.  Housekeeping had been awesome over here, Mr. Khalid N. Imran had been very helpful and great in fullfiling all requests and keeping my room neat and tidy. Special thanks to Housekeeping and Fern team Mr. Sandesh for making my stay comfortable.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Had an amazing experience staying here. The staff is well mannered and always available to help the visitors, appreciating Khalid for helping me out in regards to he city and with Hotel services. Good Job!!', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Very good Hotel for staying and breakfast is excellent. Room is very good specious and housekeeping has helped me a lot mainly Mr.Khalid, very much well behaved and helpful. I liked Khalid service and attention to guest is commendable.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Mr Khalid very very supportive & helpful and he know what guest required food was tastey gym beauty all over nice stay and confetable..........thank you so much fern hotel for great service I come back soon', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'very peaceful hotel food is good gym  and I like to said to Mr Khalid Khan I think he is the best person in fern hotel he always ready for help I really like him❤️ thank you Mr Khan and all fern members.....', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': 'With close proximity to the International airport, business centers and shopping centers, The Fern Goregaon offers you a perfect combination of comfort and convenience. Each of our 89 spacious guest rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows that reveal the moving mural of Mumbai. Gaze out on spectacular views of India’s Tinsel Town and charming green reserves while enjoying the billowy comfort. With easy access to Mumbai’s main transit options, and within a 0.9 Kms radius of the NESCO convention centre in Goregaon and Bandra’s BKC business areas and a 6 kms radius from MIDC, SEEPZ. The Fern Goregaon, Mumbai, is the ideal business hotel for the discerning traveler.'}, {'Name': 'Fariyas Hotel Mumbai', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': "After seeing reviews on Fariyas Hotel we booked much to our disappointment. All I can say is they should make the hotel rate cheaper coz they are not exactly 5 star. We came in at 3am with 5 sleepy kids. We  waited in the lobby till 7am no attempt was made to see if the kids needed something to eat etc. All shops nearby were closed. Check in was good the receptionist did his best to help us out until one of colleagues came thru and shouted and screamed at us for no reason. She spoke with no respect at all. The hotel is surrounded by homes and flats of others so quite noisy. Lift is very small and quite slow. Room us TOTALLY BASIC thou I would say comfy. The bathroom needs a good clean up quite dirty walls etc Staff around the hotel made us welcome and were quite helpful that's the only upside of the hotel. The TV only has ARABIC CHANNELS nothing else no english hindi and nothing for kids. Ud thinking in dubai or something when u go thru channels. I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHY? We are in india whats the reason for only Arabic channels. Breakfast room is very very small. You keep colliding with ppl. The buffet is ok nothing exciting.Nothing really kid friendly no nutella for pancakes or nice cereals. Milk seems quite old and has a horrible taste. There never seems to be bread in the baskets. The coffee machine definitely needs to be thrown away. It NEVER WORKED to give us cuppuchino. The toaster as well needs an upgrade. Very very olden style  The veg meals were good. Avineh was very helpful and made us comfy kept checking on us. The staff who cleaned up our room did his best for us thank you. The wifi is so slow its unbelievable.All I can say is Fariyas up your standards in the hotel and u would get the 5 star.…", 'Rating': '3'}, {'Text': 'Nice location, nice food, near to Colaba. Rooms with all amenities. The swimming pool is very small like a baby pool. The food is very yummy! U can eat full of Tammy. Getaway of India is walking distance.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'A smallish hotel but in a very good location for Gateway to India and local shops. We arrived at 2 a.m. and were warmly welcomed and shown to our room. The room was smallish but adequate, clean and well appointed. Very good breakfast buffet and we also ate one night in the restaurant whcih was equally good. The staff in both the reception and restaurant were polite, helpful and accommodating.', 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': 'Not a very big hotel and spaces feel a little tight... but there are some good positives about the hotel, Colaba market and India Gateway literally 2-3 streets away. Hotel staff friendly, cleaning and restaurant staff were exceptional, always willing to assist. Really nice spread at the buffet breakfast. We booked 4 superior rooms for our families travelling together, but 1 of the rooms (807) was not in an acceptable standard, peeling paint made it look untidy, we complained about this to the manager, and he was willing to move our family member, but this room should not have been let out to a guest in the first instance... I did witness an incident of bad behaviour by the hotel manager which i found totally unacceptable, one of the managers proceeded to shout loudly and dicipline one of her staff members in her office just behind the front desk for several minutes, while other guests and myself were seated in the foyer lounge... eventually i approached the front desk personnel and asked them to please let that manager know that we can all hear her ranting, and that she shows disregard to her guests and staff unfront, and that she tone it down! i hope that she and the other management read this comment and take note, treat your staff with respect, this is also important to guests!…', 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': 'Hi guys. It’s Hadar from Israel. I wanted to give a great review on this Hotel and his welcoming people. They helped us to get taxis and accommodations in the next places we’re hading to, and actually every thing we needed. I’m keeping the Shabbat so they helped me with it as well. The great team includes Nandkumar and Dibin and more nice and welcoming people. Great being here !', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': "Welcome to Fariyas Hotel, Mumbai - the hotel that is perfectly in sync with the needs of today's savvy business executive. Located just off the Colaba Causeway, it's right in the heart of the city, yet far from the bustling crowds. At Fariyas, you are just ten minutes away from the business districts of Nariman Point, Ballard Estate and The World Trade Centre. Its scenic location offers a breathtaking view of the harbour. And it's just 2 minutes away from the Gateway of India and other historical sites like the Prince of Wales Museum, David Sassoon Library to name a few. You can strike the best deals at the shopping arcades of Colaba Causeway from handicrafts to carpets and from books to haute couture."}, {'Name': 'The Ambassador Mumbai', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'Excellent stay, Very first experience at the Ambassador was amazing overall but I would suggest that the pizza making be improved as the one I ordered wasn’t evenly thin crusted and felt like too much stuffing and too little crust.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Good breakfast included - clean and quality, good choices to get you started off  Staff are very polite and accomodating  Rooms are clean  Note- this is an old hotel and dated, but good value for money, specially as a place to rest, clean up and sleep...... NOT a hang out hotel to spend time in', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'The rooms were very average. There was a lot of noise of renovation. When we complained they said they would stop it. Sure it stopped for 10 minutes every time we complained. When we complained very strongly they offered to put us in a different room but only the next day (had booked it for a week). And when we looked at the second room it was filled with smell of cigarette. So we obviously refused to move in. Then they put us up in a third room I think after spraying some strong room freshner. It did not stink of cigarette immediately but did after we came back in the evening. So another change of room (cannot stay in room with strong smoking smell with a child). Oh and by the way the renovation noise was everywhere. So the whole moving exercise was pointless. Two stars are for the effort they made in moving us. …', 'Rating': '2'}, {'Text': 'Stayed here to run Mumbai marathon as Full Marathon starts near this hotel at 5:15am.  Easy to find, easy to access. Close to the marathon start as expected. Outside looks good or rather gorgeous. Staff members are friendly and helpful.  An issue to me was the room was small and a bit old. I should have come to the door to turn off the room rights. The bed looks like the one for a 10 years old girl. Otherwise, no problem.', 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': "The Ambassador is literally steps away from Marine Drive, while being close to so much else you'd want to see or do in Mumbai. With just a couple of exceptions, we walked almost everywhere (of course, walking in Mumbai is another story altogether). The staff were attentive and friendly, with the service throughout the hotel being superb. The rooms were spacious, and you could see that, once upon a time the Ambassador was the height of glamour. While the rooms are clean and refurbished, they do feel a little dated and lacking in decor. It is a very small quibble to have with a generally excellent place to stay, especially for the price. This location, with this level of service, and its level of cleanliness, is really a great value.", 'Rating': '4'}]], 'Description': 'The Ambassador, iconic hotel is located on Marine Drive, Just 2-minute walk from Churchgate Railway Station and 1.5 km from Nariman Point, The Ambassador Mumbai offers rooms with shower facilities and bathtub. You can choose from Deluxe, Executive or Suite Rooms at Ambassador Mumbai, comes with air conditioning, LED TV and a writing desk. A tea/coffee maker, minibar facilities are provided. 24 hours Room service is available. Ambassador Mumbai’s Flavors coffee shop is open 24 hours and serves buffet breakfast. The Society offers fine dining of local and continental delights. Facilities at the hotel include a business centre and a tour desk. Currency exchange services are also available. The hotel also provides free parking. Located on Veer Nariman Road, Marine Drive Churchgate Mumbai. The Ambassador is 26 km away from Chathrapati Sivaji International Airport. Churchgate is a great choice for travelers interested in architecture, history and sightseeing. We speak your language! Ambassador Group Of Hotels - The Boutique Art Hotels in India Mumbai - Chennai - Aurangabad'}, {'Name': 'Urbanpod Hotel', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'The best capsule rooms (Pods) ever.Cozy, spacious with special facilities.Way better than the normal hotel rooms.Highly recommended for people from all ages.Headphones as well as mirrors are provided inside the capsule!👌👍', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': "Awesome Experience while staying. Staff is very helpful. If you are going for first time don't hesitate just go and stay. They will explain everything if you are going for first time. Best for night stays. Suitable for everyone in affordable price. Personal luggage locker is there so you can keep your bags safely. Now I am looking for monthly packages if they allow. Thank you Urban Pod. Love it.", 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': "It's the best hotel I have ever stayed in! So Hygienic, peaceful! And The Food is also Great! Specially Breakfast! It's best for students & and people who travel or stay solo!A request is that I would love that you open branches in other metropolitan cities too! ❤️💙", 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': "First of all, we could not find the entrance of the hotel! There was no board and there was some construction going on so we had a lot of difficulty even finding the hotel. Location is in a very busy road and getting a taxi from there was tough.  We reached an hour early and we were made to wait for a long time for checking in. The staff were not trained well and didn't know how to answer any queries.  We decided to have lunch there but there were no options except exorbitantly priced sandwiches and juice. The sandwiches were tiny and not at all filling. I felt we were ripped off! Outside food is not allowed in so in-house food should be good and filling!  Rooms and washrooms are extremely clean and tidy and cleaned regularly. But ac in our room wasn't working and we wasted another half an hour trying to get it fixed, which it didn't! Nor did they give us another room!   It's a clean and affordable place but they really really need to improve on service, food and maintenance. They have been getting on because of their cheaper price but it won't last long if they don't improve and fast!…", 'Rating': '2'}, {'Text': "I've enjoyed this entire concept of pods. Each pod is allocated to a guest. There is everything that you would need to chill inside these capsules - mainly consisting of comfy beds, there is a TV and an headphone in the inside to watch your shows or movies. There are different types of these pods. The one in which I stayed was the most basic option. The bathrooms and toilets are separate and common for everyone, nevertheless they are all really clean and well maintained. However I did not find the restaurant very impressive. I would say this is an affordable option near the International Airport. ", 'Rating': '4'}]], 'Description': "Urbanpod - Next Generation Smart Hotel URBANPOD Next Generation Smart Hotel caters to both your business and leisure needs. The first of its kind in India, it is conveniently located near the Domestic and International Mumbai Airports & Chakala Metro Station. With its futuristic Concept and catering to the new-age travelers, business & leisure, Urbanpod is modern, stylish & minimalistic. It offers good-value without compromising on comfort, quality & feel while offering a unique experience! What more? ... the Pod design makes it a great place to network! Urbanpod is the brainchild of young entrepreneurs who share common passion & values - that of doing things differently, creating something new & innovative that 'adds value' to the customers and the society at large. Urbanpod aims to fill the gap in the hospitality industry by offering a unique Product that provides an alternate, practical & SMART-accommodation (good value-for-money) without compromising on quality, safety, comfort"}, {'Name': 'Ramada by Wyndham Powai Hotel & Convention Centre', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'Stayed here on the 23 and 24th Jan 2020 night. The hotel staff at the front end, dining center and the convention hall are all courteous. Would like to mention about Kevin who is first to interact with an incoming guest and very helpful, polite and good in communications. Room 917, where I stayed is spacious, clean, bathrooms are clean.  Only irritant is approach to the hotel from the airport. Very congested surrounding with severe traffic jams in peak hours.', 'Rating': '4'}, {'Text': 'The Ramada Powai has all the amenities you would possibly expect from a nice hotel (comfortable beds, excellent breakfast and impeccable employees who make it all happen).   Diraj is a diamond in the rough!   He has exceptional customer service skills and went above and beyond his call of duty to ensure our stay was satisfactory.   He is the reason we will return again, again and again!   We highly recommend this property!', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Stayed for 1 night at this property, the service was good. Miss Hema had assisted me quite well. Breakfast was average, rooms were quite decent with regular amenities. Would recommend it for a short stay.', 'Rating': '2'}, {'Text': 'Ambience of the hotel is Good. Location is also good. One thing i like the most is the Connectivity of Wifi. The Service from Pankaj Bose was Impressive. He stands out differently from other Employees and Deserves to Rise Swiftly In the Organization. ', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Stay and location is amazing. Hospitality is nice. Specially suggestions and welcome from Hema was unexpectedly helpful during breakfast. If I will come back to Mumbai, I will definitely stay here again.', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': 'Welcome to the abode of hospitality, a perfect place for all individuals, business or leisure where your expectations are always superceded. Ramada Powai offers 134 elegantly furnished guest rooms including exquisite grand suites featuring panoramic view of the lush green valley and the lake. Suites, Deluxe Rooms, Superior Rooms, Handicap Rooms, Smoking & Non-Smoking Rooms. The Rooms are much more spacious than standard hotel rooms. They have larger beds and are fitted with the finest en-suite amenities.Ramada Powai Hotel & Convention Centre also offers wide variety & array of choice MICE activities including from residential conference;Wedding events;product launch,etc.We are first hotel in India to serve ZERO TRANS FAT FOOD;also we have swimming pool which is chlorine free (as Ozone generators to filter & clean the pool).To add to its attraction we have an Open Air Restaurant named "Skky" serving Pan Asian Cuisine & is open from 5pm to 01am.We also have a "UNO BAR" open from 12pm to 01am.Located 6 kms. from the International Airport and 10 kms from the Domestic Airport the property is conveniently located near Hiranandani Gardens, SEEPZ, Bombay Exhibition Centre, NSE Grounds, L&T and MIDC .'}, {'Name': 'The Orchid Mumbai Vile Parle', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'We had lunch in boulevard with my friend, food was good & service was amazing by all staff . Special thanks to Karishma ,harshada ,hema, kanchan & nidhi.they always served us with smile when ever we visit in orchid. Thanks to restaurant manager Mr Rohit Gupta for the excellent hospitality.thank u😊😊😊😊', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'The service we received here was excellent. We had Rohit as our manager and he gave excellent service as well. The staff here are very jolly and positive to talk to . The food had variety aswell as taste. ', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'They have seafood festival ongoing. The last day is Sunday. I would personally would like to appreciate the efforts taken by Mr Harshad. We were completely relaxed during our entire meal and enjoyed a lot. The food is delicious and I hope that a lot more festivals like such take place. Cheers. Just 2 days for the festival to end, so do visit.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': "Just visited South Of Vindhyas  at The Orchid and they had a seafood festival going on. Let me begin by saying such a wonderful ambience created. The staff was dressed in traditional koli clothes and they had boats nets and various fishes as decoration. I felt like I was literally sitting in the koliwada being served fresh fish from the ocean.  While there, Dakota staff helped us in making some really good choices. Special thanks to Harshad, Vishal, Kunal, Aditya Raj and Sameer.   To begin we called for some delicious starters. Since it was the seafood festival we decided to call for non vegetarian starters. We ordered:  Fried fish: Delicious rava fried boneless fish that was served piping hot along with onion lime and a lovely green chilli. The fish was superbly fresh. Enjoyed it thoroughly.  Papad plate with dips: there were two types of papad and three types of dips. There was curd chutney, tomato chutney & muramba. This pairing of crispy and creamy was very clever and tasty.  Pepper chicken: We tried some pepper chicken that was served on a small tawa. As the name suggests was very peppery and had a good flavour to it.  Prawns ghasi: Orange thick sauce prawns with coconut and curry flavour just added a complete seafood awesomeness. You should totally try it.  In main course we decided to call for thali. The thali we called for had so much variety. I definitely aur jeetu try the chicken curry, the Prawns curry, the fish curry, the lamb curry as well as the mix vegetable curry. The thali also comes with fried fish which was king fish.  We paired all these curries with Kerala paratha, appam and dosas. Truly had a foodie experience that I will remember.   Lastly we finished our meal with desert. We had rasmalai and that was delicious as well.  between all this food we also did try the mojito and the Bombay masala which is a  based mocktail.   If you ask me e south of India's is not just another hotel. It is is a concept that truly will touch your foodie soul. Excellent food excellent service and excellent ambience.  Will be returning for more.…", 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': "Great place to stay if in Bombay. It's Close to the airport, has very clean and comfortable rooms and also has a great staff especially Ms. Mehreen at the reception. There are many nice restaurants to eat at in the hotel as well.", 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': 'The Orchid - An Ecotel Hotel in Mumbai is Asia\'s first certified eco-friendly five-star hotel. This 372-room hotel is strategically located adjacent to the domestic airport making it a convenient place for the business traveler to stay. The Orchid Hotel Mumbai presently offers the most unique luxury experience in the city that encompasses well appointed environment friendly rooms and suites which are stylishly designed, each boasting of lavishly adorned decor, luxurious ambience and modern services. All the guest rooms are fully air conditioned and replete with contemporary elements, Wi-Fi internet access, attached bath, telephone and television. The hotel also features a variety of lifestyle activities like an exclusive club floor with a private lounge, The Club Prive room, relaxing outdoor pool, well-appointed business center, conference rooms and state-of-the art banquets. It has five specialty restaurants and outlets namely South of Vindhyas (represents a unique culinary concepts from South India), Mostly Grills (International fusion Open-air barbeque restaurant on the roof top), The Boulevard (a 24 hour coffee shop located on the first floor serves delicious Indian, Continental and Asian cuisine), Merlin’s (bar with karaoke & a Bulgarian band called Sparkles) and The Gourmet Shop (for cakes, snacks & sandwiches) that seemingly fit the business travelers needs. The 84 international awards reiterate the efforts of The Orchid of being a pioneer amongst environment friendly hotels. Our clientele form the who\'s who of the discerning international corporate. We, just like our discerning clientele, believe in sustainable development and have created an experience where: "Deluxe need not disturb, Comfort need not compromise and Enjoyment need not be insensitive."'}, {'Name': 'Hotel Residency Fort', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'Wonderful breakfast and amazing helpful staff.  a metro line is under construction so be mindful of the potential noise at night. I was moved when requested, very accommodating. Strategic location and historic sights within walking distance. ', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Great location for this hotel for exploring all the great sites Mumbai has to offer, transportation in Mumbai is not easy so being close to all the sites is essential and lots of great restaurants nearby.   The hotel is super clean and comfortable and breakfast is also varied and very tasty.  People make Mumbai and the service at this hotel shows this as all the staff are very efficient and therefore all your needs no matter how big or small, we were particularly impressed by Rajesh, he made our stay in Mumbai even better,   Thank you so much for a memorisable trip.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'This place is a real gem.  We stayed there twice during our time in India.  So we stayed a total of 6 nights. This place is awesome.  The rooms are great, the staff are incredible.  Room service as excellent, breakfast was excellent.  Who ever owns this hotel needs to reward their staff, because they make this place.  Special mention to Rajesh in Concierge.  A lovely, kind genuine man!!!!', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'The hotel was great, good location, excellent rooms (we were in the 40x wing, only 50m from the main entrance) and great service all around from the friendly and professional staff. The hotel concierge Rajesh was fantastic, organising anything from a great SoBo tour, to refreshments and taxi rides. And the breakfast host Peter (see picture) always made sure we had a great table at the breakfast. The rooms were very modern and well equipped, with AC, fridge, complementary bottles water daily, TV and great beds full of pillows. We would definately come back here again.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'We stayed for three nights at Hotel Residency Fort just after Christmas. The accommodation was adequate and the service was outstanding. In particular the concierge Rajesh went out of his way and even walked with us to a nearby place of business that we were looking for.', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': "Hotel Residency Fort is an excellent choice for travellers visiting Mumbai, offering a charming environment alongside many helpful amenities designed to enhance your stay.\tGiven the close proximity of popular landmarks, such as Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (0.7 km) and Colaba (1.5 km), guests of Residency Hotel Mumbai can easily experience some of Mumbai's most well known attractions.\tResidency Hotel is a charming hotel offering a flat screen TV, air conditioning, and a refrigerator in the rooms, and it is easy to stay connected during your stay as free wifi is offered to guests.\tThe hotel features 24 hour front desk, a concierge, and room service. Plus, guests can enjoy breakfast buffet, which has made this a popular choice among travellers visiting Mumbai.\tIf you like Chinese restaurants, Residency Hotel Mumbai is conveniently located near Leopold Cafe and Bar, Cafe Mondegar, and Golden Dragon.\tMumbai is also known for some great monuments and statues, including Gateway of India, Hutatma Chowk, and Naval Uprising Statue, which are not too far from Residency Mumbai.\tEnjoy your stay in Mumbai!\t"}, {'Name': 'Hotel Kohinoor Continental', 'Reviews': [[]], 'Description': 'Hotel Kohinoor Continental remains the foremost preferred 4 star deluxe business hotel in the commercial hub of Mumbai near the International Airport. Unlike comparable hotels in Mumbai, the Kohinoor Continental provides an intimate customer experience with an artful flare. Along with a contemporary decor, Kohinoor Continental offers you modern facilities combined with immaculate service that go a long way in making your stay memorable.'}, {'Name': 'The Taj Mahal Palace', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': "Happy to be there, is our first time. We have great experienced there. It's our first visit to India for our franchise Belmont maid services that how we visited the hotel because my  my colleagues told us that it is a nice place to stay.", 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': "The Taj Mahal Palace is a magnificent hotel filled with unrivalled charm. From our airport pick up right through to our check out the service we experienced was first class.   We stayed in the club rooms in the palace and wow we were mesmerized. The palace has an incredible atmosphere and you can feel and see the history all around you as you walk through the corridors. The club rooms are beautifully decorated and offer access to the palace lounge for afternoon tea and the sea lounge for pre-dinner cocktails and live entertainment. The lounges offered a huge variety of mouthwatering food and beverages. The dining experiences at the hotel are fantastic - we particularly enjoyed the tiffin at Masala Kraft. Breakfast was also great but for less hustle and bustle a good tip is to eat breakfast at the top of the Palace Tower. This also has great views of the Gateway and the sea.   We were celebrating my parents' wedding anniversary and the hotel staff went above and beyond to make the experience unforgettable for the family. A once in a lifetime cake presentation and cake cutting was set up in the famous Tata Suite - what a magical experience this was, thank you to all the staff who made this so special for us!  The general manager was incredibly professional and friendly.   The pool was glorious, fit for royalty. We really enjoyed our afternoon swims!  The service was second to none - nothing was too much trouble and we were always greeted with warm smiles! We experienced Tajness in abundance - exceptional Indian hospitality, kindness and warmth!   Thank you for the memories, we cannot wait to return.…", 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'The Taj Mahal Palace Hotel Mumbai is a unique hotel, full of history and endless stories ... such a beautiful place to relax despite the very busy location Apollo Bandar, Colaba and The Gateway of India or what others call it Gate of India. Luxury hotel, amazing services, best restaurants not forgetting to mention the exclusive Spa.... My 4 nights stay was 2 nights before I went to Udaipur and 2 nights after I left Udaipur, very helpful staff very understandable, highly attentive.  The Palace is more of a historic museum, staying there was like living a fairytale ....  much recommended for a luxury royal stay... a bit expensive but worth the money.  When you are there make sure you do the Hotel Tour it was a story to tell.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Immaculate rooms. Outstanding shopping in the hotel. Gorgeous. Service is top notch and restaurants are fabulous. The attention to detail in every part of this hotel is second to none.  Great views of the Gateway to India and lots of small shops to browse in within walking distance. Be careful though, you cross streets at your peril. The traffic is atrocious.', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': "The attention to detail, the kindness of  staff, and the cleanliness and opulence of the hotel made for a most wonderful stay! Hotel staff made us feel particularly special on the occasion of my sister's birthday. We appreciated that when we informed the front desk that our room felt damp, they provided us with a number of options immediately. We had a very comfortable stay and enjoyed the use of all the amenities - recommend getting the club upgrade. The Heritage Walk is a nice touch.", 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': "Built in 1903, The Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai is India's first luxury hotel. Offering panoramic views of the Arabian Sea and the gateway of India, the hotel is a city landmark. The hotel offers 543 rooms including 54 suites, each adorned with original paintings and period furniture that exude an aura of old-world charm and elegance. The restaurants at The Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai offer distinctive dining experiences that cover the finest Indian and international cuisines - from casual, all-day eateries to Oriental, Japanese, Indian and Mediterranean fine dining. The hotel also houses the first licensed bar of Mumbai and also a beautiful sea-front restaurant for high tea and live music. Palace Services in the Palace Wing of the hotel add to the experience, where the butler plays the all important role of guide and assistant."}, {'Name': 'The Resort', 'Reviews': [[{'Text': 'this is located near aksha beeach.  This is 10 km. Away from Malad.  As you reach there is good property inside this resort.  Nice reception staff is good.  Outside lawn part is very good  for event.  There nice play areas   Nice location for wedding planner.  Poolside is also good area.  /food is not good nor bad.  ', 'Rating': '3'}, {'Text': "Had a lovely stay at The Resort. The amenities were nice and it's a perfect weekend getaway. The prices could be slightly cheaper but we understand it's a season affair. Access to beach and availability of food was also good. Also we did a last minute booking so considering that, the hotel representatives were way too helpful in giving us the best accomodation possible. Thanks The Resort.", 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': "I impressed with this resort water falls, cricket ground was very good ,bike riding ,food quality and quantity was very nice , children's play station also good one word to said full family packed resort", 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'Finally went barefoot and jumped in a barrel of freshly picked grapes at The Resort’s Grape stomping fest. Also  tasted the different varieties of Grover Zampa vintage wines with the perfect pairing of flavoured cheese like Emmental, Brie, Camembert and English Cheddar.  On the menu front we sampled delicious Mediterranean dishes like\xa0Bamia Bil Zait (Fried Okra with Garlic and Tomatoes), EggPlant Mousakka, Moroccan Chicken and Shawarma (Chicken). A perfect way to spend your Sunday with friends at the Grape Stomping and Wine Tasting Fest held at The Resort, Madh-Marve, Mumbai. Amazing service, engaging hospitality and an awesome experience. Book your seats once they plan a repeat event.  ', 'Rating': '5'}, {'Text': 'A great place to stay for a vacation or an off site that too in mumbai. Location is excellent as it is on the beach itself.   The property is done up well and rooms have all the facilities you need including iron board, hair dryer etc. Rooms are done up well and if you get rooms on a higher floor you would get a great view of the beach as well.   The buffet has a good spread with loads of option for you to choose from in all the meals.   The swimming pool is huge with a seperate area for kids. The property has great lawns where you can enjoy you morning and evening cup of tea.   The property is at an hour drive from Mumbai airport during peak time and 35-40 mins normal time.   But a definite stay option if you are planning a vacation in mumbai. ', 'Rating': '5'}]], 'Description': 'Not just a resort. The Resort!Your escape from reality is just a short drive away from Mumbai. The Resort - a deluxe beach hotel with excellent relaxation facilities provides you with the soul-soothing ambience of Aksa beach, a luxurious getaway overlooking the sea within the city. Yet away from the chaos. The Resort is an ideal Wedding destination besides the beach.'}]}}